I'm coach trim pray coach linebackers at
the University of Nebraska you've got to
coach different people different ways I
like to find the best way to get through
to a kid and then that's the way all
coach now um I always tell my players
you're never gonna all be treated the
same because that's impossible but
you're all gonna be treated equally and
you're gonna be treated with respect and
you're gonna be given an opportunity to
show what you can do when you can do
that and find the best way to coach each
individual that's when you can have the
most success better you're thinking too
much
now you're slowing down and think of too
much right as you go read hesitate I
think the relationship between player
and coaches you know there's a fine line
because in my case more like a big
brother than a father figure but you're
on that line of where you you are
responsible for them you need the you
know set boundaries form and discipline
form but at the same time they need to
feel that you care about it we're gonna
work annual tax all right so everything
the same as far as our footwork we're
gonna shuffle then we're gonna attack
we're launching off that inside foot
eyes outside via the neck I'm violent
with my rap I want my linebackers to
play fast and play aggressive and play
physical we want to be disruptive
football players whether it's the pass
game or the run game we want to disrupt
place right we want to make that play
have to go somewhere else
disrupt timing or receivers in the pass
game and get pulling linemen or lead
blockers in the back room see myself hit
it but if I don't see myself that I'm
gonna miss with my hands all right I
gotta see it and then I'm down and I'm
around the goals here at Nebraska are
simple to win a Big Ten championship you
got to start with winning your
conference and that's the goal coming in
here right now is we're taking over a
good team with a lot of good players
that I've had a lot of success and so we
need to take it to that next level now
everything after that is is things that
come will be violent now
go go go go go Oh everywhere you go
there seems to be a great amount of
support from the community they're very
nice they welcome you and they're very
supportive of everything that goes on
here from basketball games you know
going into the arena and everything's
basically sold out just keep everything
going forward you have a tendency to get
here and now you just work lateral right
get here and now clear him and get him
on your back the linebacker play has to
be great because we affect every part of
the game
from the run game pass game or pass
rushers we touch everything so our
ability to be disruptive in all those
areas will play a huge part of our
success on defense and Nebraska defenses
in the past have been dominant defenses
in the country and that's where we want
to be